---
description: Update the v2 panel (based on the Laravel framework).
---

# v2.x

**You can upgrade the panel in 2 ways. If your webhosting has SSH access, follow these steps. Otherwise, follow the steps for webhosting without SSH access.**

### **Special update notices:**

#### **v2.2:**

 Add the following in your exisiting .env file:

```bash
OPENAUDIOMC_URL='your api url'
```

 Change the API url to the URL of the first API endpoint of OAMC Plus**. Please read the guide at** [**FAQ**](../other-things/faq.md#how-can-i-setup-the-openaudiomc-integration)**.**

## **With SSH access:**

### **Step 1: Install the new files**

First you have to connect to your FTP. Then upload the new SSH zip to your panel. Overwrite all the files \(you can use the "if they are bigger / newer" option\).

Then you have to update the dependencies we use. Run this command:

```bash
composer install --no-dev --optimize-autoloader
```

### Step 2: Upgrade the database

Then run the migration command to update the database.

```bash
php artisan migrate --force
```

### Step 3: Clear the caches

Laravel creates caches to make the pages load faster. You have to clear them when you upgrade your panel to load new pages.

```bash
php artisan view:clear
php artisan config:clear
```

### Step 4: Set the new permissions

Because the file permissions in the ZIP are other then the file permissions used by the webserver, you have to update them. Run this command:

```bash
# Run this command if you are not running CentOS:
chown -R www-data:www-data * 

# Or if you are using Nginx on CentOS:
chown -R nginx:nginx *

# Or if you are using Apache on CentOS:
chown -R apache:apache *
```

{% hint style="warning" %}
If you have installed ThemeParkPanelPlus, you have to install the files of it also again. Just put the ZIP into your main folder, and overwrite.
{% endhint %}

## Without SSH access:

### **Step 1: Install the new files**

First you have to connect to your FTP. Then upload the new non-SSH zip to your panel. Overwrite all the files \(you can use the "if they are bigger / newer" option\).

### Step 2: Upgrade the database

Now you have to upload the update SQL-file. Open your database with PHPMyAdmin, and go to Import in the menu, and then choose the SQL-file at "File to import:". Then click on the Start button. Now it's uploaded.

{% hint style="warning" %}
If you have installed ThemeParkPanelPlus, you have to install the files of it also again. Just put the ZIP into your main folder, and overwrite.
{% endhint %}

